White town, Come on! Don't stop dreaming!!

Everything's beginning anew, right here!
Everything's beginning anew, right here, it's beginning anew Wow!!

I've realized the truth, that dreams like these just can't be stopped
Yes, I'll head straight towards my dream! Even if I stumble along the way, I'll get up again
I'm going to try and better myself today, so
No regrets, I'll put on a smile and fly! Welcome new mind

Snow fluttering through the sky on a clear morning, that's our White town
(Get hyped! Snow dance, snow dream dance!)
When the white vapor from our breaths become a song
I'm sure my feelings will reach you

From this cold town, a warm, passionate, Beat magic
Is born, and embraces my frozen heart... Don't stop dreaming!

We love music! Forever and ever
We love music! I wanna keep dancing
We love music! There's nothing more to it
We love music! Music is my passion!

Everything's beginning anew and shining, right here!
Begin anew, right here! Ah! No matter how many times it takes
 
White town, Come on! Wao!!

I'm sure the people cheering me on from the sidelines don't want to regret anything either
So, let's take hold of our dreams with all we've got!
I'm going to treat myself a bit today, so
There's no need to cry, there'll be snow tomorrow, Welcome new smile!

Our White town's days of being frozen over will end someday
(The scenery will be totally different! Snow dance, snow dream dance!)
But my sentimental empathy won't melt away
Both feeling the same way, we'll set off towards the next dream

From this cold town, a warm, passionate, Beat magic
Is born, but where is it headed?
Somewhere far? Yes, all the way out to your town it goes!! Don't stop dreaming!

We love music! Maybe one day
We love music! We'll meet again
We love music! In a freer future
We love music! Music is our passion!
 
Let's dance to our hearts' content in this brilliant world!

We love music! Maybe one day
We love music! We'll meet again
We love music! In a freer future
We love music! Music is our passion!
We love music! In a freer future
We love music! We'll meet again, surely! Music is our passion!

Everything's beginning anew and shining, right here!
Begin anew, right here! Ah! No matter how many times it takes
Come on! Come on! Shine! We love music, Come on!