Right beyond our town, the vast blue sea awaits
Ah, but I'm sure you know that already.

The place our journey began (from here,)
Will always be this same place (to somewhere even farther!)
I feel like going and searching for something again (wanna find something!)
So let's hum to the tune of our dreams together!

With this song, for sure, I'll reach you
You yearn to reach those mysterious skies above, don't you?
So let's take in the mysteries of life together, and...reach our hands out!

A big, wide world awaits you! (where, oh where is it?)
I want to go find it! Though, I'm not exactly sure how...
In times like these, the dolphins call our names
And the whales give us a ride! (how, oh how could that happen?!)
On this perilous journey, even the impossible is possible!
That's just who we are!

Time moves on, faster than the waves, and never ebbs when it flows
Ah, the river of time keeps rushing forward
That's why we should make our Fantastic Departure right away!
Making a splash as we start, we'll go straight ahead

Right here, right now (from here,)
We begin a new journey (to somewhere even farther!)
Looks like I've found something again (Let's look for something)
So let's put our dreams to words together!

With this song, for sure, I'll say how I feel
My heart feels like it could transcend space-time
If you believe in all of life's miracles, you'll enjoy it more!

A special, wonderful future awaits you! (always and forever!)
Smile! Laugh a little!
As when you do, we'll leap with the dolphins
And the whales will give us a ride! (absolutely!)
On this exciting adventure, even the impossible is fine!
That's just who we are!

Close your eyes, open them again, and take in the brilliance around you
The dreams we've made swim among the glittering lights
We've gotten caught up in chasing them
It really is great, getting caught up in something

So reach your hands out!

A big, wide world awaits you! (where, oh where is it?)
I want to go find it! Though, I'm not exactly sure how...
In times like these, the dolphins call our names
And the whales give us a ride! (how, oh how could that happen?!)
On this perilous journey, even the impossible is possible!
That's just who we are! Nothing is impossible! That's just who we are! That's just who we are!