What kind of day will you want to meet?
Whether you want to cry or you want to laugh
Even without thinking about it, I'll understand

Everyday! I want us to always be together
Even when things are rough, I think it'll get better
So I want to always be by your side

Are those snowflakes dancing in the sky? It's really snowing!?
Wow! What an extraordinary sight!!
As soon as I touch one, will it disappear?
How lovely is that! Snow, snow, snow!

I want to reach out and grasp it in my hand
This white radiance, even if it's cold
I wanna play a whole bunch before it melts, don't you?
We definitely have the same dream!
I want to reach out and grasp it in my hand,
This burning radiance, because it's so dazzling
Y'know, even though I can do this by myself
Doing it together is so much better! It's so much better!

Our breaths seem to freeze into wintery colours
I want to do things like crying and laughing
I won't give in to this coldness, I won't!

Come this way, I want to always be together
Giving each other a push of support, isn't it fun!
I want to always be by your side

The first snowfall in town! It's snow!!
Hey! I want to call out to everyone!!
Is it going to disappear without piling up?
Even if it's short-lived, snow, snow, snow!

There's still so much I want to talk about when I see you
If this white radiance makes things feel so merry
I think I'll be able to say the things I couldn't before
I'll open my heart and face my dreams
There's still so much I want to talk about when I see you
There's a burning excitement in my chest
Y'know, doing things by myself isn't bad
But doing them together is so much better! It's so much better!

I want to always, always be together
After the snow is over, as the spring flowers bloom
I want to always be together

I want to reach out and grasp it in my hand
This white radiance, even if it's cold
I wanna play a whole bunch before it melts, don't you?
We definitely have the same dream!
I want to reach out and grasp it in my hand,
This burning radiance, it's just so dazzling
Y'know, even though I can do this by myself
Doing it together is so much better! It's so much better!