Before we even knew it,
We’ve made it here, somewhere so far, haven’t we?
Ah, the sky is its usual blue hue

Because we didn’t have anything,
The feelings of wanting to grasp something…
Ah, I wonder if they were what paved the path for us?

A miracle will happen… that’s what we’ve learned
That’s what we want to say to ourselves from back then

“Staying determined is the key to achieving your dreams”
It’s fine if I say that now, right? It’s what I want to say

Our hearts waver with hesitation, but nevertheless, we’ll face forward
Knowing that there’s no rain that lasts forever, we’ve ran all the way here
That’s why there’s sunshine; if we just look up, we’ll be greeted by the warm sun

From one person to two,
then from two to everyone—
Ah, the beat of our dreams was conveyed from one to another

Even though we didn’t have anything,
We felt as though we could do something.
Ah, we may have been a bit bold, but we did all we could

A miracle has happened, (a miracle) truly
To ourselves, wrecked with worry, we want to say:

The times we wanted to throw everything away were times where things could change greatly,
So that’s why surely there will be chances lying in wait—that’s why there were chances for us
If we don’t make a move, we’ll never find the answer. We’ll rest, but we won’t stop
Knowing that there’s no night that won’t dawn, we’ve ran our way here, right?
That’s right, there’s sunshine—the warm sun will always be there to greet us

If we put our shine, our courage, and our future into song,
Even our most embarrassing words will be conveyed
Now, with a loud voice!

“Staying determined is the key to achieving your dreams”
It’s fine if I say that now, right? It’s what I want to say

Our hearts waver with hesitation, but nevertheless, we’ll face forward
Knowing that there’s no rain that lasts forever, we’ve ran all the way here
That’s why there’s sunshine; if we just look up, we’ll be greeted by the warm sun

If we don’t make a move, we’ll never find the answer. We’ll rest, but we won’t stop
After the night has dawned, the sun is in the sky to greet us…!