Open the sky-colored curtains! Welcome through the sea-colored gates!
Let's play!

Swaying and shaking, the clock of pearl
Is luring the two of us into a dream
Let's make merry within the aquarium, splashing about
You've been invited to the fishes' party

How is it that we can breathe underwater?
Maybe it's because of the hot tea we drank earlier?
Well, such trivial things, there's no need to mind them
Shall we enjoy the fishes' party?

This seems like lots and lots of fun (Floating)
If that's the case, then if we float together
I'll become different from how I usually am
I want to approach you, so close that I can hear your sighs; I miss you!

In the aquarium, (Yeah!) a fantasy of our encounter
It's surprisingly heart-throbbing, that's the magic of love (Fantastic love!)
In the aquarium, (Yeah!) notice it, what I've hidden at the back of my chest
My true feelings, I'll try being honest from here onwards
I won't hide my love anymore (No!)

After all in the water you can go anywhere
We can swim well from the depths to the surface, wow!
Is the water shallow? Is our youth deep?
No matter what, the fishes know everything

Enjoy yourself properly (Bubbly)
At the end, let's ride the bubbles together
We'll meet again right, how about a kiss
If you kiss me? Do you want to kiss me? Don't kiss me!
Just here and now, and only you, I love you! (I love you!)

If it's the marine blue (Yeah!) The two of us is a dream symphony
It'll definitely be played, it's a sweet miracle of love (Fantastic eyes)
If it's the marine blue (Yeah!) I won't be afraid even though it's my first time
I'll be my true self, and try being bold next time onwards
I won't hide my love anymore (No!)

You're invited Wow wo! To the aquarium
You're invited Wow wo! I want to be in love
(Fantastic!) Let's play


Floating and bubbling, I want to look you in the eyes and say
I love you Wow wo!

In the aquarium, a fantasy of our encounter
It's surprisingly heart-throbbing, that's the magic of love
In the aquarium, (Yeah!) notice it, what I've hidden at the back of my chest
My true feelings, I'll be honest and try being bold from here onwards
I won't hide my love anymore (No!)

(Fantastic love Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!)