Without realizing it, my gaze drifted over to the two of you
I wonder what you're talking about, I can't really hear
Somehow this hurts just a little
You seem to be having a little more fun than usual
Which makes me want to avert my gaze

I wish I could live
With just pure feelings in my heart
Comparing myself with someone else will just make me feel uneasy
I really hate this part of myself

I get the urge to wish upon the snow, falling from the sky
For it to dye me in pure white
May it freeze my love over (that won't come true if it really is love)
And let it slumber in a fog for all time
This feeling of love... Ah, it's just so melancholic
Is this the recoil from having my heart skip a beat? It's just so painful
I want to forget but I know full well
That I won’t be able to

Together with someone, together with you, together with me Misty Love
Together with someone, together with you, together with me Frosty Love

We're good friends, but I'm not special to you
I want to be special, can I be?
This has hurt for a while now
Why can't I be the one you care for the most?
(Let's stop) Don't be jealous
(Let's stop) Don't be envious
Right, I want to think pure thoughts
That's who I want to be

I want to have a dream so pure
With no more doubts clouding my thoughts
I don't want to be annoyed when you pay attention to someone else
I need to get it together!

Now, let's walk in the snow
I hoped my wishes should disappear into the ends of the sky
I pretend to forget but
Surely, it'll be covered by snow

I get the urge to wish upon the snow, falling from the sky
For it to dye me in pure white
May it freeze my love over (that won't come true if it really is love)
And let it slumber in a fog for all time
This feeling of love... Ah, it's just so melancholic
Is this the recoil from having my heart skip a beat? It's just so painful
I want to forget but I know full well
That I won’t be able to

Together with someone, together with you, together with me Misty Love
Together with someone, together with you, together with me Frosty Love

Together with someone, together with you, together with me
I want you to know
Or maybe even...
I want you to know?
...I really want you to know!