Let the future that has just begun moving become new and fresh!
It's started again—are you prepared? We're already prepared!

Now, where to?
Take a look around, because it's probably calling for you
Right now, I want to learn for myself that the world is bigger than it seems

Let's reach out to as many things as we can
Because if our dreams can be conveyed
We'll be able to fly to unbelievable, faraway heights
Looking only at the sky, let's start
Ride the wind—ride it at once!

From now on, the shape of our dreams will change more and more
From now on, we'll send our feelings and our excitement towards the horizon
Energy? More! Bring it out? More!
We want to go deliver them to you
Energy! More! Bring it out! More!

From now on, because it’ll be from now on,
Let's move on forward, hugging our memories close

Even if you're lost, you'll eventually gain more speed
Please don't just decide that there's only one right answer

Yes, everything!
Behind every fail there's a hint for a success
Coming to understand that is what it means to grow, don't you think?

Surely, afterwards, we'll be able to laugh
Surely, we'll be able to overcome everything
Today may be our only chance to live our everyday to its fullest

Surely, ah, surely, we will not give up
We breathe through our dreams, so
It'll become painful—if you can't breathe, you'll collapse
After taking in a big breath, let’s start!
Our chests are burning hot—this moment is also burning hot!

You say that you want to shine; you say that you want to try believing in yourself
If that's the case, don't stop! Don't stop your feelings, never!

The moon and the sun both sink in the sea, but from the sea, they rise again,
While that horizon continues to watch over and protect everything
Do you want to learn that the world is bigger than it seems?
Let's head towards the future that's just begun to move…!

From now on, the shape of our dreams will change more and more
From now on, we'll send our feelings and our excitement towards the horizon
You say that you want to shine; you say that you want to try believing in yourself
If that's the case, don't stop! Don't stop your feelings, never!
Energy? More! Bring it out? More!
We want to go deliver that to you.
Energy! More! Bring it out! More!
From now on, because it'll be from now on,
Let's move on forward, hugging our memories close, moving on forward...