Splash! Spark! and Shining the Summer!

Don't just wait here, we have to come together in the summer time!
(Oh yeah, summer time!!)
It looks like we'll have an unbelievable summer, I wonder if you're ready for it like me?
If you wait all alone, it'll be bye-bye to summer time in the blink of an eye
(Oh yeah, summer time!!)
So if you don't want to be left behind, you better come soon

My heart is singing in this fleeting dream
Let's have an adventure in the beach sky

It's no good to space out the whole time
I want to have so much fun I can feel my heart pound
So (let's go!) so (let's go!)
This year we only have one chance

Let's play and splash! (splash!!)
The blueness of the sea we've jumped into (good feeling)
Is dreaming of the door to an unending summer, don't you know?
Let's play and splash! (splash!!)
If you're still hesitating after we've jumped in for you
I'll have to drag you off to summer summer summer myself!

This hot summer season has got to be awesome
(Oh yeah, summer time!!)
I'm sure we'll find something more exciting than ever before

Once you hear the beat track, call me, call you!
Turn your towel around with a "boon boon", and stand up!!

Throw your worries away
Isn't summer for having fun?

If you feel like pouting, let's go and fly
Show me that smiling face of yours!

After all (let's go!) after all (let's go!)
This year we only have one chance

Altogether, spark! (spark!!)
I just realised that one day these will become treasured memories (good smiling!)
I just know that even that is so like summer!
Altogether, spark! (spark!!)
Let's dance until we sweat to the taiko (and then) eat some ice cream

One day, will I think back on this season?
Oh summer...
I'm dreaming of a door to an endless summer, don't you know?
Altogether, spark! (spark!!)
Let's dance until we sweat to the taiko drums, (and then) ice cream will be (heaven)
The best summer summer time
Let's play and splash! (splash!!)
Just where is the door to an endless summer?
Let's jump into the blue ocean and dive down to find it
Summer summer summer is for everyone!