I want to know you, I want to touch you
I can't stay the way I've been up until now! I would hate to!

I've been thinking that I want to feel my heart flutter
So when I met you
I thought that you could be the one, but was I wrong?
(No, I won't believe that!)

I'll share my fun times with you, but what about the sad times?
Even though I wanted to meet with you tonight, I don't know where you are!

Now I'm angry
I hope you won't notice that I'm so feisty like this
But now I feel like attacking you!

Look at me, look at me, seriously, I don't mind getting hurt
Normal conversations are so boring
I just want to get to know you
Don't play around with me, you've sparked a light in my eyes
(I yearn for you) with this unknown passion
Embrace me, embrace me, I want to love as more than a little girl

Those eyes that looked at me were sort of adult-like
Though they tend to be misunderstood
It's disappointing when you say that too, get a hold of yourself!

Saying "Everything is so wonderful!" only exists in imaginary worlds
So let's at least long for a thrill

Come here, come right here by my side, I want to see a forbidden dream
It's boring if it's not that passionate
I want to touch you more deeply
I don't want to be just admired, I want you so bad
This dangerous passion (can't be stopped)
I won't extinguish it, get rid of it, I don't need to seem like a little girl anymore

Thinking by myself, wishing to myself, of the things I can't do by myself
Is it bad that I want to do them with you?
Think to myself, wishing to myself, of the things I can't do by myself
I want to believe this means I've fallen in love so

Look at me, look at me, seriously, I don't mind getting hurt
Normal conversations are so boring
I just want to get to know you
Don't play around with me, you've sparked a light in my eyes
(I yearn for you) with this unknown passion
Embrace me, embrace me, I want to love as more than a little girl

I miss you, so the next step is surely
Wanting to touch you, are you like a little boy?
I miss you, so the next step is surely
You too touching love as more than a little girl