Want to aim for something faraway?
Then you got to join us on this
Wonder trip (Alright!)
Let's draw our expectations into this map
It's going to be amazing, amazing, amazingly fun

I'm bad at waiting so
Let's set off on this wonder trip already (Hurry up!)
As soon as the party starts, dance!
It's a step, step, step towards the future

To the sky that is reborn everyday
Let's talk about our dreams over and over
Don't say it's impossible, let's do it and laugh
I'm sure no one will stand in our way (go straight ahead)
Without hiding those strong desires, let's go
(1, 2, 3!)
Being true to yourself is the best way to go!

Sing along with the waves
Everybody! If you sing, it'll start
We're embarking on a new trip, and you're here with us
If we sing, the wind will call out to us
Listen! listen! Try breathing in the scent of the sea
Lift the sails called hope
smile smile ship Start!

Can't see what's up ahead?
Well, that's right
It's a dangerous trip (Oh boy!)
Isn't that why it's interesting though?
Put in, put in, put in more spirit

Once it clears, I chased after
The bird that stole my hat (give it back~!)
Why can they fly so freely?
It's unfair, unfair, unfair, but they're so cool

As my sweat falls, my worries disappear along with it
I'm gaining momentum, I won't stop
Dash and jump, high into the sky
Since we heard someone's voice, (everything's ready)
We responded. Everyone come with us!
(1, 2, 3!)
Let's dash forward, energetically

I'll sing too
Everybody! If we sing
The world will show you a lovely adventure
If you sing you'll remember
Not yet! Not yet! I want to be
Someone who keeps chasing, not giving up
Raise the sails filled with our dreams
smile smile ship Start!

In the distance, what awaits, what awaits us in the distance?
Someday the stars will beckon us to a new place

Because I want to sing (because I want to sing)
I'm singing out right now (I'm singing out right now)
If this song spreads
Our hearts will beat and overlap
Wanting to become one
And then we'll want to have more fun
With a smile, we'll have fun

Sing along with the waves
Everybody! If you sing, it'll start
We're embarking on a new trip, and you’re here with us
If we sing, the wind will call out to us
Listen! listen! Breathe in the scent of the sea and sing out loud

Sing, sing
Everybody! If we sing
The world will show you a lovely adventure
If you sing you'll remember
Not yet! Not yet! I want to be
Someone who keeps chasing, not giving up
Raise the sails called hope
smile smile ship Start!
(1, 2, 3!)