Am I strong (and weak?) I'm weak and (strong!)
I know they're both apart of me
Will you please say that you like both sides of me!?

There's a glass treasure box hidden inside me
That I'm secretly dreaming about (do you want to see it?)
But don't tell anyone (shh)
My noble wings (flutter-flutter) appear gallantly
When my power reaches its limit, (fly, fly!)
I'll become energetically invincible

Maybe being cute isn't enough to protect the world
But, with a very big transformation! I'll transform!
I shall spread my wings, hug everyone, and then we'll fly together
Are you ready?

Am I strong (and weak?) I'm weak and (strong!)
These questions I ask only make me more confused (eh?)
Where is the me I was before I woke up? Gone? Here? Gone? (I'm here!)
But I'm weak (and strong!) And also strong (but weak?)
I accept that they're both apart of me (I love both sides of myself)
I've always wanted you to say that (that's right!)
Could you say it? (Please do!)
I want to hear it. I want to hear all the things you like about me!

Sometimes I fall asleep in my dreams, and when I wake up, my heart races
For a moment, I'm vaguely aware of who I am (ohayohane!)
But don't tell anyone (it's a secret)
My chosen feather (flutter-flutter) shines authentically
When my feelings consume me (fly, fly!)
I'll become the me who was courageous in my past life

I no longer have a scowl on my face, nor am I angry at the world
Because when I smile, I feel safe! Very safe!
My wings embrace light and darkness
Even the sky full of contradictions will fly beautifully!
That sounds amazing!

Is this height (too low?) Flying this low (is high!)
There are too many ideals that I don't understand (woof)
To the me who is supposed to return: are you gone? Here? Gone! (I'm here!)
But is this height (too low?) Flying this low (is high!)
I'll accept either no matter how I look at it (either is fine)
Because I want to be forgiven (that's right!)
Would you forgive me? (I forgive you)
Is this what love is?

Hmmm.... hmmm?

Strong, weak, high, and low (yes)
I could fly like this with my fragile wings
That sounds amazing! Surely it's amazing!

Am I strong (and weak?) I'm weak and (strong!)
These questions I ask only make me more confused (eh?)
Where is the me I was before I woke up? Gone? Here? Gone? (I'm here!)
But I'm weak (and strong!) And also strong (but weak?)
I accept that they're both apart of me (I love both sides of myself)
I've always wanted you to say that (that's right!)
Could you say it? (Please do!)
I want to hear it. I want to hear all the things you like about me!