Yes, now (Now, all of us)
We might understand (We've truly come to realize)
Something wonderful (all too wonderful)
As if we're fishes swimming through a dream

We've always (no matter when)
Felt like this (When we're with you)
And that's why we've always (all the way till now)
Been able to do things without fail

I only want to bring you passionate feelings
(Alright!) Until my voice fails
(Here we go!) I'll try saying it out loud
Will you answer back?

Thank you, FRIENDS!!
I'm glad we met, I'm glad we met
It's the best kind of bond
It's like life sometimes surprises us with a present
Hey, I'm glad we met, I'm glad we met
What kind of miracle is this?
While whispering "Don't disappear", we rush out even further ahead

The days that have passed (now so far away)
We can't return to them (though I miss them dearly)
But our future (let's start together)
Will begin over and over

I cried out so much, my feelings for you, but it's still not enough
(Alright!) Until my voice fails
(Let's go) I'll keep calling out
So, you'll answer, won't you?

Thank you, friends!
I love you, I love you
I've always wanted to say it!
I want to see this scenery, and surely you had the same dream too
Hey, I love you, I love you
I want to play it on a loop, I want to sing!
I want you to say it too, so everyone, let out your voice!

How many of our dreams have we realized?
Let's make even more of them come true.
Trying to count the amount of excitement that has come to life—
Ahh, we can’t even count it!
The sea breaze
Invites us.
In our hearts
Waves are rising, rising
Where, where should we head now?
Let's search for it together!

Thank you my friends
Eternal friends
I think it's wonderful, that we can say words like 'eternal'

Thank you, FRIENDS!!
I'm glad we met, I'm glad we met
It's the best kind of bond
It's like life sometimes surprises us with a present
Hey, I'm glad we met, I'm glad we met
What kind of miracle is this?
While whispering "Don't disappear", we rush out even further ahead

I love you, I want to sing with you
I want to say it forever, that I'll always love you
I want to have fun with you, forever...