"There's nothing here!"
It isn't like that, but rather that there soon will be
Because the times that there seems to be none, it always changes (That means growth, right?)

Hey! Come on!! Dreaming! Come on!!

It's impossible to think of something I can't do, but when there were and I would give up
My heart was deeply asleep, but it'll soon wake up

Wake up! Remember, there's reason for everything you like to do
Wake up! Remember, it really seems that it will never fade
Well, that's all that there's to it (There's no more to it I have to go)
Chances are capricious, so we'll have to make them look our way (The chances)
Come on keep your head up, let's go... let's go!

If you someday dreamed with very ingenious optimism (Try on a lot of them)
Future will surely brighten up! (Future will be very sparkly)
The embarrassment keep it folded inside your coat's pocket (Let it locked in)
And forget about until winter (I want to forget it forever)
Boldly even when barefoot, this's a challenger Pose!

That sounds really unreasonable, but we've given this a very long thought
But if you try to take your words back, it becomes all fuzzy and unsolvable

Make up! To this world, your likes will produce anything
Make up! Bring everything forth! I will never want to get rid of it
I've already made up my mind (I've decided and it's nonnegotiable)
The true form of this chance, I've always had it on my mind (That's right)
But you'll need your courage, let's go, let's go!

If you went through it happily one and all times (Enjoying it all)
Your expectations will rise up (They will glitter and sparkle)
Even if you mess up during your practice and warm-up (Let's stretch out)
But all be for this muscles (My hands and feet can't stop!)
Serious but still relaxed, the challenger's Smile!

"There's nothing here!"
It isn't like that, but rather that there soon will be
Because the times that there seems to be none, it always changes (That means growth, right?)

Come on keep your head up, let's go, keep your head up
Come on bring forth your courage, let's go... let's go!

Wake up, Challenger!!
Make up to the World, Challenger!!
Can you give this time your best? All right! Wake up, Challenger!!

If you someday dreamed with very ingenious optimism (Try on a lot of them)
Future will surely brighten up! (Future will be very sparkly)
The embarrassment keep it folded inside your coat's pocket (Let it locked in)
And forget about until winter (I want to forget it forever)
It is really bold indeed, serious but still relaxed, even more extreme than before
This's a challenger Pose! this's the challenger's Smile!

Hey! Come on! Dreaming! Come on!