Driving! What kind of road could it be?
Driving! What kind of dream could it be?

This future that’s been decided for us
Isn’t a future—it’s a schedule
Our destination’s also been predetermined—that takes away all the fun, doesn’t it?

The things that must be done now or never;
The sights we can see because it’s now or never;
That’s what we want to chase, while the wind’s still blowing

We always put ourselves first, you see
Is that human nature? It’s kinda uncool, don’t you think?
I want to pursue a way of living without frustrations
Don’t stop—it can’t be stopped!

Even without a road, we’ll keep driving! Even without a map, we’ll keep driving!
Because we’re looking for a tomorrow that no one knows about
In doubt, we’ll keep driving! That’s what we want to do, after all
On my way—where to, I wonder?
On my way—the goal can’t be seen
Even so, let’s go my way!

It seems as if
There’s nothing but failure
So let’s try to aim for more pluses than minuses

The things we still can’t do yet;
The things we want to do while we still can;
Which of those await us? It’s important to treasure the time you have

It might be impossible, but we’re not gonna give up
From weakness, courage is born
Let’s try to pursue a life without frustrations
It won’t stop—it can’t be stopped!

If we’ve got a dream, let’s keep driving! If we’ve got a goal, let’s keep driving!
It’s not for anyone else’s sake—we’re doing it for ourselves,
So let’s laugh and keep driving! We’ve gotta enjoy ourselves!
On my way—we can’t make any predictions
On my way—there’s something we want to see in the future, so let’s make the dash for it!

Driving! What kind of road could it be?
Driving! What kind of dream could it be?

Even without a road, we’ll keep driving! Even without a map, we’ll keep driving!
Because we’re looking for a tomorrow that no one knows about
In doubt, we’ll keep driving! That’s what we want to do, after all
On my way—where to, I wonder?
On my way—the goal can’t be seen
Even so, let’s go on an unpredictable drive!